Update website cc pages. (#215)
yagpdb-cc/yagpdb-cc: yagpdb-cc-website/docs/moderation/slowmode.md

title: Slowmode
---

> This command helps using a slowmode. it deletes a user's message if their slowmode isnt over people who you want can bypass slowmode as well as set it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command adds slowmode functionality: It'll delete an user's message if their cooldown isn't over yet. Configurable permission requirement to bypass the cooldown, as well as required permission to invoke the slow mode.
```
